# There are three tools in browser rendering, HTML, CSS and document object model(DOM). Here we will see how these technologies work in browser rendering. 

**HTML** is a web page language. It has specific syntax and rules. Programmers write HTML in a document just like regular text except they follow **HTML** syntax and rules rather than general grammatical rules. The basic word in the HTML is a **tag**. The browser turns HTML **tags** into elements that form a tree. It knows how to do that because of the **document object model(DOM)**, which is a standard convention for representing and interacting with elements in HTML. So, the tree in programmer's tools is **DOM tree** that the browser built from HTML document. Each HTML document tag creates an element in the **DOM** that the browser uses to display the page. An element is created from the starting tag to the ending tag, and everything is between is content. The content can be empty, it can be text, or it can be another element. Each tag has a name or type that defines what kind of element will be created. Will it be a paragraph? An image? Or just a document division? Each tag can also have attributes with values. The document written in HTML defines the structure and content of pages. To define style we have another language **CSS**. **CSS** allows changing how elements look on pages, the size of the font, the color, background, borders, position, etc. To tie structure and style together, the HTML document can provide the browser with information on what style to use and where to get it.
<\h class="paper">---------**Opening tag**
<\content>-----------------**content**
<\/h>----------------------**Closing tag**
**paper**------------------**Value of that attributes**
[for more details!](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/critical-rendering-path/render-tree-construction)  																					
